feat: Add usage examples (#81)
bank-vaults/secret-init: README.md

**Minimalistic init system for containers injecting secrets from various secret stores.**

## Features

> - `Multi-provider support`: No need to explicitly specify the secret provider; instead, secrets are loaded based on environment variable references.
> - `Async loading`: Secrets are loaded asynchronously, enhancing speed and efficiency.
> - `Load without modification`: `Secret-init` replaces environment variable values, with values from secret providers, without modification.
> - `Renew secrets`: If `secret-init` is used in daemon mode, it will renew secrets in the background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Multi-provider support** - Automatically deduces and initializes required secret providers from environment variable references.
- **Async loading** - Secrets are loaded asynchronously to improve speed.
- **Renew secrets** - Use the daemon mode to renew secrets in the background.
```

| **Supported Providers**                                      | **Status**     |
|--------------------------------------------------------------|----------------|
| [HashiCorp Vault](https://www.vaultproject.io)               | ✅ Implemented |
| [AWS Secrets Manager](https://aws.amazon.com/secrets-manager)| Upcoming       |

## Getting started

> - `Secret-init` is designed for use with the [Kubernetes mutating webhook](https://bank-vaults.dev/docs/mutating-webhook/); however, it can also function as a standalone tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `secret-init` is designed for use with the [Kubernetes mutating webhook](https://bank-vaults.dev/docs/mutating-webhook/). It can also function as a standalone tool.
```
